GA Timeline view (#413)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-09.mdx

title: Changelog | September, 2024
---

## Workflow Execution Timeline View Revamp

_September 13th, 2024_

We have given the Workflow Execution Timeline View a bit of a facelift. Along with a more modern look, we have added a couple quality of life improvements:

- **Subworkflows**: Instead of needing to navigate to a separate page, you can now expand subworkflows to view their executions details within the same page.

> - **Node Pages**: Instead of cluttering the page with too many nodes, each node will now be displayed on its own upon click accessible by its own URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Node Pages**: Instead of cluttering the page with the details of all nodes at once, we now display the details for just one node at a time. Click on a node to view its inputs, outputs, and more. Each node has its own permalink so that you can share the url with others.
```
